while Audi there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about the bane of the Democratic Party
we're going to talk about Barney because
bernie is getting some support from some
very unlikely places
seemingly unlikely places they seem
unlikely unless you actually think about
it
Rolling Stone ran a report saying that
Bernie
leads all candidates to include Trump in
donations from active duty military and
not by a little bit by like fifty
percent he's leading by a lot and this
surprised a lot of people the military
has traditionally been a bedrock of
support for the Republican Party and
that appears to be changing and people
want to know why there are a couple of
reasons and from where I'm sitting the
first would be that the president and
the Republican Party in general greatly
underestimated the impact that selling
out the Kurds because Trump couldn't
handle a phone call would have on that
support that they normally enjoy I
personally knew two maybe three dozen
active-duty military from one community
and they were all Trump supporters most
of them had bumper stickers the day
before he did that the day after I knew
one not a joke one everybody else that
was the line in the sand they were done
with him a lot of people within the
military worked hand in hand with the
Kurds and yeah wasn't the same Kurds not
always but that that camaraderie was
still there
leaving them twisting in the wind
leaving a man behind so to speak did not
sit well with them
that's one reason another reason goes to
military recruitment a lot of people
join the military today because of
systemic issues income inequality and
there are a lot of people who enlist
that are just looking for a way out
looking to build a better life and they
join the military because they have
benefits dangled in front of them and
then they get there and they see all of
the planks of his platform and even some
more radical than his platform at work
they see universal health care they see
everybody with housing they see food
security and they realize that the
reason the rest of the United States
doesn't have it perhaps is that if they
did then DoD would lose a really
powerful recruitment tool because people
want that and maybe they don't believe
that everybody should have to sign up
and be willing to write that check
just to get healthcare that may have
something to do with it those two
reasons are foremost it when I'm looking
at as far as active duty supporting
Bernie while we're on the topic of
Bernie though I would have to point out
that I've seen a lot of people over the
last 24 hours
say that he needs to rein in his
surrogates or control his women because
some politicians who support him have
said things about establishment DNC that
well I guess didn't go over well with
everybody I would ask that if it was a
man if the politician that said that was
a man if you would approach them
directly or you would ask somebody else
to ill a man it's a really bad look it's
a really bad look it's really bad optics
because it's a really bad mindset these
women did not get where they are by you
know worrying about the fact that some
man can think better than their little
baby lady brains and letting somebody
else make decisions for them if you have
a problem what they say I suggest you
take it up with them anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night